Update configuration.md for #185 (#332)
varnish/hitch: docs/configuration.md

The following tokens are available for the `tls-protos` option:
`SSLv3`, `TLSv1.0`, `TLSv1.1` and `TLSv1.2`.

## TCP Fast Open Support

TCP Fast Open saves up to one full round-trip time (RTT) over 
the standard three-way connection handshake during a TCP session.

Since kernel version 3.13, the TCP Fast Open is enabled by default.

> However, it must be explcitly enabled in the configuration file:

Reviewer: Here we should avoid to implicitly reference Linux as "the kernel".

Please use something more neutral like "If the system supports TCP Fast Open, Hitch has this support built in be default".

It's a bit confusing to say that it is enabled by default but needs to be enabled. But please come up with something better than my unsatisfying suggestion :)

Author: ```suggestion
On a system which supports TCP Fast Open, Hitch is able to reduce 
network latency with the following in the configuration file:
```
I really don't know? :-)

Reviewer 2: looks good
